Previously
on "YuGiOh! Arc‐V"...
The duel between
the dueltainer extraordinaire
Yuya Sakaki
and flawless
fortune‐teller
and prodigious predictress
Aura Sentia
is about to begin!
My fortune‐telling
abilities are never wrong.
With it, I'll learn if
you're truly destined
to be my one and only
duelmate.
Your destined duelmate?
What're you talking‐‐
You'll see.
(both)
Duel!
I Flip Summon Prediction
Princess Coinorma!
Flip Summoning is when
you summon a monster
by flipping it from
facedown to faceup.
I play my spell
Prediction Ritual.
I Ritual Summon...
Prediction
Princess Tarotrei!
I don't like
the looks of this!
I have to win!
Making the Junior Arc
League Championship'll
put me on the path
to becoming a pro!
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
Swing far,
Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
Five monsters
at once!
I got
the goosepickles!
Tarotrei will tell
your fortune...
and your fate!
Looks like my Tarotrei
has selected The Tower,
right side up.
This card foretells
destruction, downfall,
and worse, tragedy.
Aah!
Forfeit this duel,
Yuya.
If you choose
to continue,
this will be
the last duel of your life.
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me, competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take
a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
if you will pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
You sure you wanna
go through with this?
Yeah!
(Ally)
This is terrifying
for Yuya.
That fortune‐teller girl said,
if he continues,
this will be the last
duel of his life!
That's baloney!
Aura's just saying that
to make Yuya quit the duel!
Ja, but one thing is
for sure.
Yuya is
in very bad trouble!
I know,
all the monsters
he brought out when
he Pendulum Summoned
got switched into
defense mode.
And because
of Petalelf's
special ability,
they can't switch back
to attack mode this turn.
And since he doesn't have
any cards in his hand,
he's gonna have a hard,
if not impossible, time
to counteract
Aura's strategies.
What can Yuya do
to win?
(thinking) I can't do
anything right now,
but I still
have monsters.
And as long as
I have them,
I still have a chance!
This is your
final warning!
Forfeit this duel now,
Yuya, or this will be
the last duel
you'll ever have!
You don't scare me.
I end my turn.
But I'm never
quitting this duel!
Then my conscience
is clear.
You will regret this.
I draw!
It's a monster card,
and I place it face down
in defense mode!
Yah!
This can't be good.
Wonder what kind of monster
it'll be this time?
I activate another one of
Prediction Princess Tarotrei's
special abilities!
This ability flips
Prediction Princess Petalelf
from faceup
to facedown.
Go Full Sleep!
All these moves are
starting to flip me out.
(Tatsuya)
Yuya's in big trouble.
None of Yuya's monsters
have more than
2,400 defense points,
And Tarotrei's got
2,600 attack points!
It can destroy
any monster it wants!
Now, I'll...
end my turn.
(all gasp)
Don't be shocked.
There's isn't any need for
me to attack you right now.
Nothing will change
the fact that your
destiny's already
been sealed.
(growling)
Yeah?
Well, I'm gonna
prove you wrong!
Now I draw!
I'm changin' things up
and switchin' Odd‐Eyes
from defense mode
to attack mode.
(roaring)
That won't help you.
I activate Tarotrei's
special ability!
I can flip
my facedown monsters
faceup in
attack mode!
So, you can switch
your monsters
faceup or facedown
whenever you want?
That's right because
Prediction Princess Tarotrei
can control
any card's destiny.
Next, Petalelf's
special ability
activates!
Now, your mighty
Odd‐Eyes is switched
back to defense mode,
joining the rest
of your monsters.
And don't forget,
they can't change
to attack mode
this turn!
(growling)
Just great.
Your monsters are
in lockdown!
Not good.
If Yuya's monsters are
stuck in defense mode,
he can't attack
during his turn!
Ach! Maybe that girl's
predictions are coming true!
Next up,
Prediction Princess
Astromorrigan's
special ability
activates!
At the end
of this turn,
say goodbye to your doomed
monsters in defense mode.
They'll all
be destroyed.
And it gets worse,
Yuya.
You take
200 points of damage
for every monster
that it destroys!
Now I see why she didn't
attack last turn.
It was so she could
use this special ability
to deal even more
damage!
Even before I played
my very first card today,
Yuya...
my victory was
destined to happen.
That...
that can't be true.
Oh, but it is!
The truth is clear.
You have no choice
but to face it, Yuya.
You're heading for
total destruction.
(thinking)
Destruction...
There's not much time
left for you.
Your only chance
to rewrite your future
is to surrender now.
Surrender?
No, not good.
(thinking)
Yuya is paralyzed by
his opponent's prognosis!
In my crystal ball,
I see disaster is looming.
The I Ching sticks have
made it crystal clear
that they must stop
this duel immediately.
The cards reveal
an unchangeable dark fate.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
And now Astromorrigan's
special ability activates,
destroying
all your monsters!
And 200 points
times 5 totals
1,000 points
of damage!
Aah!
My destroyed
Pendulum Monsters
aren't gone for good.
They go
to my extra deck.
I don't think
you get it yet, Yuya.
I've been warning you because
I'm trying to save you.
You need to stop
fighting back now,
or you will never
duel again!
I'm just wasting
my breath.
So be it‐‐ ha!
Tarotrei's special
ability activates!
All my monsters
flip facedown!
(thinking)
I don't know
what she has planned,
but my trap Performapal Call
will protect me.
If I take
a direct attack,
this card'll block it,
and I can add two
Performapalsfrom my deck to my
hand
as long as their
combined defense points
equal the attacking
monster's attack points.
Since Petalelf
and Astromorrigan
are face down in
defense mode,
only Tarotrei can attack.
And since my trap will
stop that attack,
I'm swinging
this duel... my way!
Give up, Yuya.
It's no use.
The longer we duel,
the worse your fate will be.
This Action Card will
prove I'm right.
Just as I...
I'm activating
the Action Spell
Lock Draw!
Now, you can't draw
until you send
one Action Card
to the graveyard!
This really stinks!
The card is obviously
commanding you
to stop fighting
and finally accept
your destiny.
The only intelligent thing
to do is surrender.
If I quit now,
my dream'll never come true.
And I'll never
be a pro!
He still won't
believe me.
The only way to save him
is to end this duel quickly.
But, to do that,
I first have to prep
my strategy.
With this!
(thinking)My facedown card is
the trap Reverse Reuse.
It summonstwo
Flip Monsters
that are inmy graveyard
to Yuya's fieldin
defense mode.
And once this
trapactivates,
I can use myPrediction
Princess combo
to end this duel
beforetragedy befalls him!
And Yuya won't
beharmed in any way.
It is a raceagainst fate,
one Yuya needs meto win.
Because, if I
fail, Yuya's future will
come crashing down!
♪ Sorry, but there won't
be an encore! ♪
♪ My Frightfur Bear's
giving you the hook ♪
♪ Go, Pummeling Paw ♪
♪ Which means all of my
life points are going... ♪
Bye‐bye!
Aah!
I did it!
My sixth win
in a row!
Great work!
You finally get to enter
the Junior Arc League
Championship!
Well, with my skills,
getting into the Championship
was never in doubt.
Sora, I seem to have
misplaced‐‐
Come on,
we have to hurry
or we'll totally miss
Yuya's duel!
Now, it's my turn!
You can't draw
until you send
an Action Card
to the graveyard!
Yeah, I know!
I'll get one!
Aah!
I was too late!
I couldn't defeat him
fast enough,
and now this really will be
the last duel he ever has.
It's hopeless,
and you're putting yourself
in very serious danger!
Haah!
(all shouting)
(sobbing)
(all gasping)
I got the the Action
Spell Miracle!
(all)
Yes!
You did it, Yuya!
Goosepickles!
This can't be.
He changed
his destiny.
He ignored the obstacles
and the danger,
and he came up
with a miracle.
The boy has opened
the path
to a future
that was closed.
I send one Action Card
to the graveyard
to unlock Lock Draw.
It comes down
to this.
One card decides it all.
I draw!
(thinking)
Polymerization?
This is Zuzu's card.
How'd it get
in my deck?
Oh! When I was
scrambling,
and I knocked
the cards off my desk,
it must've gotten mixed up
with all my cards by
mistake!
My whole future
depended on this draw!
Why did I have to get
a card that I can't use?
Whoa!
What was that?
And now,
ladies and gentlemen!
Scale 1 Stargazer
Magician
and Scale 8
Timegazer Magician
are already in
their places!
Now I can summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far,
pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
(roaring)
Time for an encore
performance!
Traveling all the way back
from my extra deck,
give it up
for my monsters!
Yuya's gonna
put on a show!
Yeah, maybe.
That was pointless, Yuya!
Watch and learn
as my Tarotrei
once again flips over
my facedown monsters!
Thanks to Petalelf's
special ability,
all the monsters
on your field
switch to defense mode!
(roaring)
She's doing
the thing again!
I'm glad you escaped your
destiny of destruction.
Now I feel free to defeat you
without holding anything back.
At the end of this turn,
Astromorrigan's special
ability will destroy
all your monsters
in defense mode,
and you'll take 200 points
of damage for each one!
You only have
300 life points left,
so, when that happens,
it's all over for you!
You can't defeat me!
You'll lose this duel
and never make it
into the Championship!
Well, we'll see
about that, won't we?
Huh? See about what?
First, I activate
Performapal Springgoose's
special ability!
By banishing it
from my graveyard,
I can return two cards
on my field to my hand!
(deep honk)
So come on back,
StarGazer and Timegazer!
Next, I tribute
Performapal Kaleidoscorp
to summon Level 5
Stargazer Magician!
Looks like we got here
just in time.
And now...
That card!
I activate the spell card
Polymerization!
What's this?
Yuya's Fusion
Summoning?
(Yuya)
I fuse Stargazer Magician
and Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
This is it!
The moment all you
Duel‐tainment fans
have been waiting for
is here!
Stand up, make way,
and get set to cheer!
I Fusion Summon!
Ladies and gentlemen,
now taking
center stage,
please give it up
for the spotlight‐stealing
Rune‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
That's... astounding.
That Dragon's got
3,000 attack points.
Nice try, Yuya!
But I still have
more than enough
life points
to survive!
Hmm, hate to
break it to you,
but I think your
fortune‐telling days
are over,
'cause here's
a little something
you never saw coming.
When I fuse
a Spellcaster
to form Rune‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon,
the number of times
my Rune‐Eyes can attack
depends on
that monster's Level.
That can't be!
Yuya's fused Odd‐Eyes
with Stargazer Magician!
Stargazer's a Level 5
Spellcaster!
And that means
Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
can attack you
three times!
And now
it's showtime!
(roaring)
Ready or not,
here I come!
(roaring)
Rune‐Eyes!
Take out
Astromorrigan,
Petalelf,
and Tarotrei!
(gasping)
Get ready
for my big finale!
Triple Spiral Skyshot!
(roaring)
(Futoshi)
Congratulations!
Amazing!
You Fusion Summoned using
a Pendulum Monster!
It's a Pendulum Fusion!
Ja,
Pendulum Fusion!
Goosepickles!
Pendulum Fusion...
That was awesomely
awesome, Yuya!
You just performed
a totally perfect
Fusion Summon,
and I didn't even
teach it to you.
Thanks, I got lucky,
I guess.
Where did you get
that Polymerization from?
It's yours.
Sorry, but it got mixed up
in my deck by accident.
Here, it's all yours.
You've been training
so hard with Sora,
I couldn't imagine
you not having this
for the Championship!
And you're
gonna need it.
Cause' after I win
my next duel,
you might
have to face me,
and I won't be
holding back
my Pendulum power,
that's a promise!
(giggles)
Aah!
There's my duelmate!
Ha‐ha!
Duelmate?
I knew my prediction powers
wouldn't steer me wrong!
You are my duelmate,
Yuya‐booya!
Oh, my fortune
really came true!
Yuya, why is your opponent
calling you her "duelmate?"
Well, you see, it's kind of
a long story, Zuzu!
Ohh, you're such a cutie!
Just tell her.
Tell her how...
Yuya?!
Zuzu, y' gotta
let me explain!
We are meant
for each other...
It's our destiny!
Destiny?
I'll show you destiny!
Zuzu, no,
don't listen!
(thinking)
For one who creates
his own path,
any kind of
destiny can await.
Help, help!
What's this?
Get back here,
you two‐faced...
(shouting over each other)
Yuya‐kins, I want you to meet
mom and dad right away.
Ooh, where should
we have the wedding?
Preferably somewhere with
an escape hatch!
♪